Use Case UC-1:User Registration
Related Requirements:REQ-1, REQ-3,REQ-12
Initiating Actor: User, Software
Actor¡¯s Goal: To create a new user account and allow the use of self-contained cabinets 
Participating Actors: User, Memorizer, 
Preconditions: The system displays the menu of available functions.
            At the application the menu choice is Registration.
Flow of Events for Main Success Scenario:
----->User opens the application and selects the menu item ¡±Registration¡±.
include::User registration(UC-1), Data processing(UC-5)
<-----a: system provide registration information order to fill out
----->b: the user fill in the personal information
<-----c: system verify the account
<-----d: system send the registration success or not to user
----->e:data storage


Use Case UC-2£ºRemove User
Related Requirements:REQ-2
Initiating Actor: User, Software
Actor¡¯s Goal: Delete user accounts and clear user data
Participating Actors: User, Memorizer, 
Preconditions: The system displays the menu of available functions.
            At the application the menu choice is Remove
Flow of Events for Main Success Scenario:
----->User opens the application and selects the menu item ¡±Remove¡±.
include::Remove user(UC-2)
<-----a: The system prompts the user to confirm whether to clear the user information
----->b: The user confirms to clear personal data from the database
<-----c: system verify the account
<-----d: The system sends a clear success message to the user
----->e£ºData to remove


UC-3: Login: Users log in with registered account passwords.
Related Requirement¡¯s:REQ1-REQ12.table1-2
Initiating Actor: Any of: senders, recipients
Actor¡¯s Goal: achieve the process of the log in, log out and registration.
Participating Actors: data process control, system, information system
Preconditions: none
Post conditions: achieve the process of what the users want to get.
Flow of Events for Main Success Scenario: 
---->a. Users enter the login page and enter their account number and password for login.
<---b. The system receives the order and feedback to the users.

